# ğŸ—“ï¸ Meeting Notes â€“ 2025-04-18  
**Type**: Check-in 
**Location**: Hybrid  
**Author**: Jordy  

---

## ğŸ‘¥ Attendance  
**Present:**  
- Cam 
- Harry (Virtual)  
- Jordy
- Nick  

**Absent:**  
- None 

---

## ğŸ“‹ Agenda  
1. Switch to organisation GitHub repo 
2. Organise PR flow for dev and main branches 
3. Create issues related to the deliverable 

---

## ğŸ’¡ Discussion Highlights  
- Switched to organisation repo
- Pull request workflow: PRs require approval before merging to dev; extra security checks for main  
- Explained and clarified the folder structure and how subfolders should be used
- Discussed the purpose and use of base.html as a layout template 

---

## âœ… Action Items  

| Task | Owner | Notes |
|------|-------|-------|
| Continue work on base.html | Cam | Ongoing |
| Build upload page | Cam | |
| Split out non-user pages | Harry |  |
| Create Home, About, Contact, Login, Register pages | Jordy |  |
| Work on visualise Data page | Nick |  |

---

## ğŸ“¦ Project Notes  
- **Folder Structure**: Explained folder organisation and best practices for using subfolders 
- **PR Workflow**: 
    -   Pushes to dev require PRs with approvals 
    -   Pushes to main are locked down with stricter security
- **base.html**: Acts as a layout foundation for all shared page elements


---

## ğŸ“… Next Steps  
- Continue work on individual assigned pages  
- Begin opening issues for tasks and deliverables
- Monitor PR approval process with new org setup  

---

## ğŸ§¾ Summary  
- This meeting confirmed the switch to the organisation repo and established a more secure PR workflow  
- Folder structure and templating strategy were clarified
- Everyone has clear next tasks; all coding moving forward is tracked via issues and PRs

---

â¬…ï¸ **[Previous Meeting](2025-04-14.md)**â€ƒâ€ƒâ¡ï¸ **[Next Meeting](link-to-next.md)**