# 🗓️ Meeting Notes – 14th of April, 2025  
**Type**: Informal / Last-Minute  
**Location**: Hybrid (In-person + Virtual)  
**Author**: Jordy  

---

## 👥 Attendance  
**Present:**  
- Cameron  
- Jordy  
- Harry *(virtual)*  

**Absent:**  
- Nick *(unable to attend)*  

---

## 📋 Agenda  
1. Finalizing visual style  
2. Confirming folder structure on GitHub  

---

## 💡 Discussion Highlights  
- Homepage will lead into login portal  
- Buttons on the homepage are currently excessive  
- Need consistent file/folder naming  
- Meeting notes formatting needs standardizing  

---

## ✅ Action Items  

| Task | Owner | Notes |
|------|-------|-------|
| Convert layout into HTML form | Cam | Based on previous wireframe |
| Upload CSS and convert to Bootstrap | Jordy | After Git tutorial |
| Restructure meeting notes | Jordy | Adopt this new template |
| Restyle homepage based on core page | Harry | Await updated structure |
| Push and document GitHub issues | Jordy | Optionally use project board |

---

## 📦 Project Notes  
- **Folder structure**: `/frontend/`, `/backend/`, `/meeting-notes/`  
- **Future backend**: Placeholder repo structure added  
- **Meeting notes**: Will live in dedicated folder with navigation  

---

## 📅 Next Steps  
- Meet properly on **Wednesday** to finalize styles and review homepage progress  

---

## 🧾 Summary  
- Everyone agreed on moving toward consistent structure  
- Tasks assigned and progress expected before Wednesday  

---

⬅️ **[Previous Meeting](2025-04-08.md)**  ➡️ **[Next Meeting](2025-04-18)**